https://streams.ilovemusic.de/iloveradio1.mp3,I LOVE RADIO,https://raw.githubusercontent.com/adiko01/plugin.audio.ilovemusic/Daten/Senderlogos/i_love_radio.png,
https://streams.ilovemusic.de/iloveradio2.mp3,I LOVE 2 DANCE,https://raw.githubusercontent.com/adiko01/plugin.audio.ilovemusic/Daten/Senderlogos/i_love_2_dance.png,
https://streams.ilovemusic.de/iloveradio29.mp3,I LOVE BASS BY HBZ,https://raw.githubusercontent.com/adiko01/plugin.audio.ilovemusic/Daten/Senderlogos/i_love_BASS_BY_HBZ.png,
https://streams.ilovemusic.de/iloveradio17.mp3,I LOVE CHILLHOP,https://raw.githubusercontent.com/adiko01/plugin.audio.ilovemusic/Daten/Senderlogos/i_love_chillhop.png,
https://streams.ilovemusic.de/iloveradio36.mp3,I LOVE DANCE 2022,https://raw.githubusercontent.com/adiko01/plugin.audio.ilovemusic/Daten/Senderlogos/i_love_dance_2022.png,
https://streams.ilovemusic.de/iloveradio103.mp3,I LOVE DANCE FIRST,https://raw.githubusercontent.com/adiko01/plugin.audio.ilovemusic/Daten/Senderlogos/i_love_dance_first.png,
https://streams.ilovemusic.de/iloveradio26.mp3,I LOVE DANCE HISTORY,https://raw.githubusercontent.com/adiko01/plugin.audio.ilovemusic/Daten/Senderlogos/i_love_dance_history.png,
https://streams.ilovemusic.de/iloveradio6.mp3,I LOVE DEUTSCHRAP BESTE,https://raw.githubusercontent.com/adiko01/plugin.audio.ilovemusic/Daten/Senderlogos/i_love_deutschrap_beste.png,
https://streams.ilovemusic.de/iloveradio104.mp3,I LOVE DEUTSCHRAP FIRST!,https://raw.githubusercontent.com/adiko01/plugin.audio.ilovemusic/Daten/Senderlogos/i_love_deutschrap_first.png,
https://streams.ilovemusic.de/iloveradio16.mp3,I LOVE GREATEST HITS,https://raw.githubusercontent.com/adiko01/plugin.audio.ilovemusic/Daten/Senderlogos/i_love_greatest_hits.png,
https://streams.ilovemusic.de/iloveradio21.mp3,I LOVE HARDSTYLE,https://raw.githubusercontent.com/adiko01/plugin.audio.ilovemusic/Daten/Senderlogos/i_love_hardstyle.png,
https://streams.ilovemusic.de/iloveradio3.mp3,I LOVE HIP HOP,https://raw.githubusercontent.com/adiko01/plugin.audio.ilovemusic/Daten/Senderlogos/i_love_hip_hop.png,
https://streams.ilovemusic.de/iloveradio35.mp3,I LOVE HIP HOP 2022,https://raw.githubusercontent.com/adiko01/plugin.audio.ilovemusic/Daten/Senderlogos/i_love_hip_hop_2022.png,
https://streams.ilovemusic.de/iloveradio27.mp3,I LOVE HIP HOP HISTORY,https://raw.githubusercontent.com/adiko01/plugin.audio.ilovemusic/Daten/Senderlogos/i_love_hip_hop_history.png,
https://streams.ilovemusic.de/iloveradio109.mp3,I LOVE HITS 2022,https://raw.githubusercontent.com/adiko01/plugin.audio.ilovemusic/Daten/Senderlogos/i_love_hits_2022.png,
https://streams.ilovemusic.de/iloveradio12.mp3,I LOVE HITS HISTORY,https://raw.githubusercontent.com/adiko01/plugin.audio.ilovemusic/Daten/Senderlogos/i_love_hits_history.png,
https://streams.ilovemusic.de/iloveradio22.mp3,I LOVE MAINSTAGE,https://raw.githubusercontent.com/adiko01/plugin.audio.ilovemusic/Daten/Senderlogos/i_love_mainstage.png,
https://streams.ilovemusic.de/iloveradio5.mp3,I LOVE MASHUP,https://raw.githubusercontent.com/adiko01/plugin.audio.ilovemusic/Daten/Senderlogos/i_love_mashup.png,
https://streams.ilovemusic.de/iloveradio24.mp3,I LOVE MONSTERCAT,https://raw.githubusercontent.com/adiko01/plugin.audio.ilovemusic/Daten/Senderlogos/i_love_monstercat.png,
https://streams.ilovemusic.de/iloveradio10.mp3,I LOVE MUSIC AND CHILL,https://raw.githubusercontent.com/adiko01/plugin.audio.ilovemusic/Daten/Senderlogos/i_love_music_and_chill.png,
https://streams.ilovemusic.de/iloveradio11.mp3,I LOVE NEW POP,https://raw.githubusercontent.com/adiko01/plugin.audio.ilovemusic/Daten/Senderlogos/i_love_new_pop.png,
https://streams.ilovemusic.de/iloveradio14.mp3,I LOVE PARTY HARD,https://raw.githubusercontent.com/adiko01/plugin.audio.ilovemusic/Daten/Senderlogos/i_love_party_hard.png,
https://streams.ilovemusic.de/iloveradio28.mp3,I LOVE RADIO FROM MARS,https://raw.githubusercontent.com/adiko01/plugin.audio.ilovemusic/Daten/Senderlogos/i_love_radio_from_mars.png,
https://streams.ilovemusic.de/iloveradio25.mp3,I LOVE REMIX RADIO,https://raw.githubusercontent.com/adiko01/plugin.audio.ilovemusic/Daten/Senderlogos/i_love_remix_radio.png,
https://streams.ilovemusic.de/iloveradio18.mp3,I LOVE ROBIN SCHULZ,https://raw.githubusercontent.com/adiko01/plugin.audio.ilovemusic/Daten/Senderlogos/i_love_robin_schulz.png,
https://streams.ilovemusic.de/iloveradio7.mp3,I LOVE THE BEACH,https://raw.githubusercontent.com/adiko01/plugin.audio.ilovemusic/Daten/Senderlogos/i_love_the_beach.png,
https://streams.ilovemusic.de/iloveradio20.mp3,I LOVE THE CLUB,https://raw.githubusercontent.com/adiko01/plugin.audio.ilovemusic/Daten/Senderlogos/i_love_the_club.png,
https://streams.ilovemusic.de/iloveradio4.mp3,I LOVE THE DJ BY DJ MAG,https://raw.githubusercontent.com/adiko01/plugin.audio.ilovemusic/Daten/Senderlogos/i_love_the_dj_by_dj_mag.png,
https://streams.ilovemusic.de/iloveradio15.mp3,I LOVE THE SUN,https://raw.githubusercontent.com/adiko01/plugin.audio.ilovemusic/Daten/Senderlogos/i_love_the_sun.png,
https://streams.ilovemusic.de/iloveradio9.mp3,I LOVE TOP 100 CHARTS,https://raw.githubusercontent.com/adiko01/plugin.audio.ilovemusic/Daten/Senderlogos/i_love_the_top_100_charts.png,
https://streams.ilovemusic.de/iloveradio19.mp3,I LOVE TRASHPOP,https://raw.githubusercontent.com/adiko01/plugin.audio.ilovemusic/Daten/Senderlogos/i_love_trashpop.png,
https://streams.ilovemusic.de/iloveradio13.mp3,I LOVE US ONLY RAP RADIO,https://raw.githubusercontent.com/adiko01/plugin.audio.ilovemusic/Daten/Senderlogos/i_love_us_only_rap_radio.png,
https://streams.ilovemusic.de/iloveradio23.mp3,I LOVE WORKOUT,https://raw.githubusercontent.com/adiko01/plugin.audio.ilovemusic/Daten/Senderlogos/i_love_workout.png,
https://streams.ilovemusic.de/iloveradio8.mp3,I LOVE X-MAS,https://raw.githubusercontent.com/adiko01/plugin.audio.ilovemusic/Daten/Senderlogos/i_love_X-Mas.png,
